Reimagine what a health and wellness agency can be. At Fingerpaint Group, we’re built differently—independent by nature and driven by empathy. Here, your individuality fuels innovation, and your talent finds its spark. With a powerhouse team spanning the U.S. and Europe, we’ve breathed life into over 200 brands, crafting experiences that resonate and inspire. This is where creativity flows effortlessly—where bold ideas flourish, collaboration ignites, and extraordinary happens every day.
We are looking for an AI Agent Engineer to architect and build full stack systems that bring agentic ideas to life! wet paint is Fingerpaint’s innovation lab for testing and applying AI, so named for its fresh and fluid spirit of experimentation. We’re a small team of high-agency T-shaped makers who love to build new ideas together. We’ve been busy applying all forms of AI—analytical, predictive, and generative—to deliver higher quality client solutions more efficiently. Without sacrificing security or privacy. 
At wet paint, we value: 
Thinking AI-first 
Makings, not meetings 
Demos, not docs or plans 
An intense bias for action 
Learn-it-alls who have a strong autodidactic streak 
 This role reports to the Head of wet paint and works directly with a Generative UX/UI Designer, Data Scientist, and AI Innovation Strategist. Please note that this role requires that you be onsite in our office near Philadelphia a few days per week. 
Why We Need You!
wet paint is at a critical growth juncture. We need an AI Agent Engineer who can help us bring more of our best ideas out of the lab and into the real world, from concept to deployment. You'll work on adding an agentic layer to everything wet paint touches, ensuring that the impact of the products, services, and experiences we build gets force multiplied by AI. 
Here's What You'll Be Doing!
As our AI Agent Engineer, you’ll help us design, build, and scale agent-based solutions that reimagine our existing workflows and systems. You’ll work closely with generative UX/UI, strategy, design, and data science teammates to make our best GenAI ideas tangible. This will require you wear many hats and touch every part of our tech stack.  On any given day you might: 
Prototype a promising new idea 
Improve existing agency processes and services by integrating agentic workflows 
Ship new features for PRISM Insights, our data science platform 
Craft beautiful, intuitive front-end experiences that work flawlessly across devices 
Optimize our backend for maximum performance and scalability 
Dive deep into our analytics to understand user behavior and inform product decisions 
Experiment with new technologies and methodologies to keep our stack and our services cutting-edge  
Shape the big picture strategy for where we go next with AI and agents as an agency and an industry 
  
You Need These Qualifications 
You’re an indie hacker at heart, and can’t help but get your hands dirty building 
You’re all-in on AI-native workflows and tools: Bolt, v0, Cursor, Loveable, CrewAI, Replit, frontier LLMs, etc. 
You have a deep understanding of AI concepts, including GenAI, LLMs, machine learning, and computer vision 
You have a track record of shipping production-quality full stack applications 
Your coding skills are sharp in languages like Python or TypeScript and you're comfortable working with modern frameworks (e.g., React, Next.js) 
You excel at API integration 
You find database design and management to be a breeze 
You love problem solving and have a passion for innovation 
  
It Would Be Nice If…
You have experience with cloud platforms like AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure 
You've contributed to open-source projects or have a portfolio of side projects 
You're familiar with containerization technologies like Docker 
You have knowledge on AI ethics and responsible AI development 
  